Added TestGrid (#15022)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/cross_browser_testing/introduction/index.md

- see if a button click causes something to happen successfully (like for example, a map displaying), displaying the results once the tests are completed
- take a screenshot of each, allowing you to see if a layout is consistent across the different browsers.

> You can also go further than this, if wished. There are commercial tools available such as [TestGrid](https://www.testgrid.io/), [Browserling](https://www.browserling.com), [Sauce Labs](https://saucelabs.com/), [Browser Stack](https://www.browserstack.com/), [Endtest](https://endtest.io), [LambdaTest](https://www.lambdatest.com/), [TestingBot](https://testingbot.com), and [CrossBrowserTesting](https://crossbrowsertesting.com) that do this kind of thing for you, without you having to worry about the setup, if you wish to invest some money in your testing. It is also possible to set up an environment that automatically runs tests for you, and then only lets you check in your changes to the central code repository if the tests still pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to invest money in testing, there are also commercial tools that can automate much of the setup and testing for you (such as [Sauce Labs](https://saucelabs.com/) and [Browser Stack](https://www.browserstack.com/)). These kinds of tools usually enable a continuous integration workflow, where code changes are automatically tested before they are allowed to be submitted into your code repository.
```
